I wish I could move on as easy as you, But unlike you my feelings were true.
If you find yourself consistently frustrated, it's not life happening to you, it's the results of your choices coming back on you.
No one cares till it is too late.
I hate when people are worried about what I'm doing, worry about yourself.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
You have to learn how to get comfortable with being uncomfortable.
Experience is the hardest kind of teacher. It gives you the test first and the lesson afterward.
We all have That one friend we used to hate, but now love, And that one friend we used to love, but now hate.
Love what you have. Need what you want. Accept what you receive. Give what you can. Always remember, what goes around, comes around.
To be old and wise, you first must be young and stupid.
Love is sweet when it's new, but even sweeter when it's true.
Trust before you Love. Know before you Judge. Commit before you Promise. Forgive before you Forget. Appreciate before you Regret.
Be careful who you choose to call your "friends".
Struggles are required in order to survive in life, because in order to stand up, you have to know what falling down is like.
I miss seeing your name show up on my phone.
Feelings that come back are feelings that never left.
Music becomes my best friend when nobody else understands me.
Sometimes, I just need to be left alone...
The more you know who you are and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
Shut up and kiss me. I hate fighting with you.
Treat me good, I'll treat you better. Treat me bad, you'll wish you didn't.
People tell you to stay strong, when they have no idea how hard it's to do so.
Too many people go through life waiting for things to happen instead of making them happen.
Hoes are getting wifed up. Good girls are single. The good die young, and the ungrateful have everything...
Everyone comes into your life for a reason.. some for good or bad, they may shape us, break us, but in the end they make us who we are...
It's two ways to learn a lesson: 1) by listening to others who made the mistake and 2) falling on your ass. Choose number one.
If I give you my time don't make me regret it by wasting it on bullshit and games.
I'd just like a simple text, to let me know that you actually know I exist.
You can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as a gift.
The one who loves least controls the relationship. Sad truth...
Feelings? What the fuck are those?
Sometimes people only change because of how badly they've been hurt.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. Keep going!
Life is not about understanding or doing it right. It's about taking what you've got and just smiling about it anyway.
Always be positive. Don't let negative people hold you back.
Refuse to lose, Refuse to be defeated, Refuse to have regrets.
Impatience and a negative attitude = keys to failure. Be patient. Stay positive and good things will happen.
You can choose to let it define you, or you can choose to move on and leave it behind you.
It's impossible not to think about you.
I hate liars, especially when all I did was keep it real with you.
I swear I could make you happier than anyone else could, just give me a chance.
Always thank God first.
Never sacrifice who you are, just because someone else has a problem with it.
Some people aren't meant to be in our lives forever. Some are just passing through to teach us a lesson.
Don't let go if you still believe.
Not everyone around you is your friend.
I've learned not to get to attached, because everything, at some point, comes to an end.
Be careful who you trust &amp; tell your problems to.
OMG!!!! PROOF that Rihanna fucked Justin Bieber ===&gt; http://t.co/X1uBzp17nf
OMG!!! This makes a woman's PUSSY wet instantly!! ===&gt; http://t.co/0ODUOYy07m
I don't give a fuck about anyone not liking me, just don't smile in my face when you see me.
The better you feel about yourself, the less you feel the need to show off.
When you find that perfect person, you'll just know.
The little things you do can make the biggest difference.
True friends will always find a way to help you. Fake friends will always find an excuse.
Learn to care less and just live life.
Sometimes you just outgrow people.
Always strive for constant and never-ending improvement in everything you do.
These days it seems like people love to hate, but hate to love.
Your imperfections are what make you perfect in my eyes.
A simple hello can lead to so many things.
You always want what you can't have. Then once you get it, you don't want it anymore.
If you want to change your life you have to raise your standards.
Be yourself because everyone else is taken.
Fuck a hoe, respect a woman, love a lady.
I respect those that tell me the truth, no matter how hard it is.
They're only jealous because you have something they wish they had: Confidence
I keep my problems, my struggles, my mistakes to myself because in reality no one really gives a fuck.
Love is caring for each other even when you're angry.
A subtweet will fuck with a guilty person's mind.
Stress is caused by giving a fuck.
I'm going to smile like nothing is wrong, talk like everything is perfect, act like it's all a dream, and pretend like it's not hurting me.
I miss you more than you'll ever know.
Getting in the shower and letting the hot water untangle your thoughts.
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got.
What you are afraid to do is a clear indicator of the next thing you need to do.
What you think determines your outlook on life. What you do determines your destiny.
No regrets, just lessons learned...
When you love and respect yourself, someone's disapproval is not something you fear and avoid.
Retweet if you miss someone.
People say everything happens for a reason, but it would be nice to know some of the reasons why.
Life is about passion, patience, and power.
Good people go through the most bullshit...
Don't use the past as an excuse to miss out on your future.
I don't like being led on, lied to, confused, none of that shit. Just tell me how it is from the beginning.
You shouldn't be competing with anyone but yourself.
It never gets easier, you just get stronger.
You can forget what hurt you in the past, just never forget what it taught you.
There's a difference between being a challenge and playing games.
I wish some nights lasted forever.
Dear mobile phone companies, please invent an "unsend my text" option.
I love those hugs where you just don't want to let go...
If anybody ever makes you feel like your best isn't good enough; you're probably giving it to the wrong person.
Losers see the pain. Winners see the gain.
I don't need your half ass effort. Either you're with it or not.
Everyone has their reasons for what they do.
